Add documentation about updating `.ci.yaml` and `flutter-gold`. (#154184)
flutter/flutter: docs/contributing/testing/Writing-a-golden-file-test-for-package-flutter.md

## Creating a New Golden File Test

<!--
  Note: These instructions are also referred to in the flutter/engine repository
  ensure that when updating them, the workflow is either consistent or the
  differences are clearly called out.
-->

Writing a _new_ golden file test is an involved process, particularly if the

> _test suite_ (sometimes called "task" or "shard") is not already configured for

Reviewer: How can someone determine if their test is already covered by an existing shard configured for gold? If it is already covered, the following steps are unnecessary.

Author: Tried to clarify.

> _test suite_ (sometimes called "task" or "shard") is not already configured for

Reviewer: > involved process

Seems kind of strange to phrase this this way, especially since it isn;t if the test is already in a covered shard.

golden file testing, and missing a step can result in a broken build or a
failing test.

The process involves:

> 1. (Potentially) [Adding or configuring a `.ci.yaml` task](#add-or-configure-a-ciyaml-task).

Reviewer: > (Potentially)

This does not feel very helpful. How do you determine you need to do this?

1. [Writing and submitting the test](#writing-and-submitting-the-test).

> 1. (Potentially) [Adding a known task name to the `flutter-gold` check](#adding-a-known-task-name-to-the-flutter-gold-check).

Reviewer: > (Potentially)

All parenthetical `potentially`s should be removed. They read as incomplete docs that don't help.

### Add or configure a `.ci.yaml` task

> _If you are editing an existing test or test suite, you can skip this step._

Reviewer: Not completely true, if the test suite exists, but does not install goldctl, they will need to edit the ci.yaml, is that right?

example, the task `Linux framework_tests_widgets` (as of 2024-08-27) looks like
this:

```yaml
# Some parts omitted for brevity

- name: Linux framework_tests_widgets
  properties:
    dependencies: >-
      [
        {"dependency": "goldctl", "version": "git_revision:2387d6fff449587eecbb7e45b2692ca0710b63b9"}
      ]
```

What this means is that the task, `Linux framework_tests_widgets`, will install
the `goldctl` tool (which is used to interface with Skia Gold) at the specified
revision. If you are adding a new test suite, or adding golden testing to a
test suite that didn't have it before, you will need to add or modify a task in
the `.ci.yaml` file:

```diff
+  properties:
+    dependencies: >-
+      [
+        {"dependency": "goldctl", "version": "git_revision:2387d6fff449587eecbb7e45b2692ca0710b63b9"}
+      ]
```

> [!TIP]
> The exact git revision of `goldctl` should be copied from an existing task.

If a new dependency was added, see [adding a known task name to the `flutter-gold` check](#adding-a-known-task-name-to-the-flutter-gold-check).

### Adding a known task name to the `flutter-gold` check

> The way `flutter-gold` works, roughly, is that on a schedule, every open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `flutter-gold` check is a cron job that is scheduled to run (every 5 minutes) through every open
```

Roughly? :)

(non-draft) PR across `flutter/flutter` and `flutter/engine` is checked for
tasks that are _known_ to run golden file tests, and if they are present, the
check asks (via a Skia Gold API) if there were any untriaged images generated,
showing a :question: if so, or a :white_check_mark: if not.

This list is manually curated in the [`flutter/cocoon` codebase](https://github.com/flutter/cocoon/blob/65e89508cad5b6f9622ee072a1178913fed5001e/app_dart/lib/src/request_handlers/push_gold_status_to_github.dart#L123-L144)

> and need to be updated when new tasks are added or removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and needs to be updated when new tasks are added or removed.
```

Author: Done.

See [#149544](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/pull/149544) for an example of adding a new task to the list
and [#143863](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/143863#issuecomment-2310898513) for a discussion on the topic.

Failure to add a new task to this list will result in the `flutter-gold` check
not running on some PRs (and build breakages as a result).

### Writing and submitting the test

> [!NOTE]
> These instructions are specific to writing golden file tests for
> `package:flutter`. If you are writing integration tests, or tests in another
> repository (such as `flutter/engine`) the specifics will be different; consult

> > relevant documentation and/or team members about the process.

Reviewer: Can you link to this different documentation? I would also surface this earlier. I would hate to read through all of this and then realize it was irrelevant.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c7d6dad5-45dd-4a61-a9bd-a15fbd188fc4)

s/princess/docs 😜
